What is our relationship?
Say what you can't say.
Aren't you Xu Ninh's born secretary?
We go out with him every day.
Listen to some people who are not good to you.
Sir, General Gu and I are only a superior-subordinate relationship.
But the first snow was scary.
You should resign.
The rumors are not true.
I don't mind.
But I mind.
Grandpa, I love this job.
I'm not resigning.
Sun Wukong also came.
So I'll go out first.
The lady doesn't like this girl.
Right.
Ma'am.
Your name is Phuong Minh.
What does this woman mean?
Who do you think you are?
I see she has the richest boyfriend.
The whole person has changed.
He probably doesn't feel safe, doesn't have bad thoughts.
Didn't I say I was okay?
You didn't get here early, did you?
You lie still.
There is no one in my store today.
I'll call.
Drink the soup first.
Thank you, Song.
The lady is back.
You're very good.
May the lady be born in death.
You're going back to work the next day, right?
Yes.
OK, the day after tomorrow I will go to the company and tell everyone that I am Xu Nien's fiancé.